- Established that weekly meetings will take place Thursday's from 1-2PM 
- Arranged to set meetings with Bruce and Travis to review and understand existing code, and potentially outline more specific stakeholder requirements. 
- Discussed continuing work with the tasks outlined in Slack: 
    Data Schema & Validation – define the structure of the DLC CSV files and write code to check them.
    Server Setup – create a simple backend connected to a database (just a starting point).
    Client Scaffold – set up a basic front-end with a toolbar or sidebar as a placeholder.
The goal is to get these foundations in place so that in Sprint 2 we can start building real features on top of them (like uploading a video, running analysis, and seeing results).
- Talked about potential plans for the future including starting with a GUI to be wrapped around Bruce's code, then tinkiering with Bruces code to better fit our needs. This idea is dependent on our meeting with Bruce
and what we understand from the code.
