**Sept 25 minutes:**

**movie**
took pics and watched coach carter

**Looking foward:**

Main question is what of bruce’s code will we need to change for sprint 3?

mainFuncs:
    -we dont touch. we are concerned with how the values are passed.
    -leave most of the code as is here, just edit the output functions

what we can improve:
    -graphs, the plotly lines
    -not calculation
    -prodedural programming not hard code
    -optimize bruces code for our output
    -hard coded html, and other hard coded aspects
    -see how the csv can change so we know what we need to be procedural.
    -using a different
    -how do we want outputs to look like?

**we are plotting!**

what do we want the plots to do? what does Dr. Sengupta want from these plots?
    -we want clealy defined and, labeled graphs
    -accessibility: not in a random folder, in a navigatable view in which Sengupta can easily find what she’s looking for
    -interactive graphs

for integration with the existing UI, we could potentially use PyQtGraph

**going over csv**

good to know:
    -the structure of json has to be the same for all CSV file formats
    -the points in the json file structure can be rearranged without errors
    -a few select variables have at least 2 points (with no cap)

**for sprint 3 and beyond:**

when we are done with sprint 2, what can or should we be doing?
    -adding labels to Bruce’s plotHead code.
    -learn what labels mean
    -add proper labels
    -learn how to create interactive graphs with plotly in pyqt5, then create a skeleton for such a task
    -potentially using PyQtWebEngine
    -frontend skeleton for navigating graphs
    -library, folder, etc.
    -in the future: silhouettes of fish to help new people see what’s being graphed.

**for next meeting:**
    -narrow down how we are going to improve the head plot and what labels are needed